•, ◘, ○, ◙, ►, ■ , → , ☼ , ♪ , ♣, ♠, ♥ , ♦, ☺ 
☺ 
tiktok gentrified vine
• 8:05 PM · Mar 17, 2020·
• Pop Crave @PopCrave. TikTok guidelines directed its moderators to not promote posts by ‘ugly’ and poor users, @theintercept reports. Discriminatory guidelines have leaked in the past, revealing that TikTok intentionally prevented posts from LGBTQ users and users with disabilities from surfacing.
• https://mobile.twitter.com/notfolu/status/1090457265335922688 - It’s interesting because the chinese tik tok( the original one before it merged with http://musical.ly) has a visual language that is so different and has spurned really cool memes like the karmas a bitch makeover vids and the 4 generations challenge
• tiktok feels like gentrified vine. ive only ever seen teens on there with like really nice bedrooms covered in led strip lights and tyler the creator posters
• https://ohnotheydidnt.livejournal.com/117490427.html
TikTok doesn’t want uglies or poors. TikTok guidelines directed its moderators to not promote posts by ‘ugly’ and poor users, @theintercept reports. Discriminatory guidelines have leaked in the past, revealing that TikTok intentionally prevented posts from LGBTQ users and users with disabilities from surfacing. Guidelines for moderators of the famous app have recently surfaced on the Internet, and they include to erase the content from people with “ugly facial looks” or people who shot videos in “slums” or “dilapidated housing” in an attempt to “prevent bullying”. The guidelines also ban people with beer guts, old decorations or cracked walls, in order to promote more attractive videos. The app has experienced a bigger surge due to people in quarantine due to recent global events.
• https://mobile.twitter.com/PopCrave/status/1239923415705882624
• https://mobile.twitter.com/PopCrave/status/1239923415705882624/photo/2

☺ 
https://www.businesstoday.in/top-story/without-onion-garlic-akshaya-patra-mid-day-meals-funding-issue-turns-sour/story/354280.html
Last Updated: June 7, 2019  | 17:10 IST 
• While one camp has come down heavily on the NGO's high handedness in providing food according to its own norm - non-onion and non-garlic food - ignoring food and taste preferences of children, the other camp hails it for providing clean and hygienic food to around 1.8 million children across 15,000 schools in 12 states. 
• "Each unlimited meal costs us Rs 11-11.5, the government (Union and state governments) provides 60 per cent of it and the rest is raised by us through donations," says TV Mohandas Pai, who is on the board of the trustee of Akshaya Patra.
• The government also provides Rs 5.5 as making charges for each meal and allocates grain from Food Corporation of India (FCI).
Mohandas Pai says that the food supplied adheres to the nutritional standards laid down by Ministry of Human Resource Development (MHRD). "We don't put onion and garlic in our food as we follow Ayurveda system (Indian system) to make sure that we give healthy food to kids," he says.
• However, if some states want to give egg, they have no objection, he adds. Their only condition is that states will have to provide egg directly to students. Some states like Odisha and Telangana provide egg in their mid-day meals. There is different menu for each state.
• Incidentally, the recent controversy emanated from Karnataka as officials noted that many students were opting out of mid-day meal as they do not like the no-onion, no-garlic food served in school.

☺ 
What does categorically not true mean?
https://ell.stackexchange.com/q/47752
When people use the term loosely, to say that a proposition is categorically true or that they are making a categorical statement, they mean that the proposition is true without additional conditions, especially unstated conditions. That is, they mean that the proposition is categorical, not hypothetical.


☺ 
Ayn Rand Quotes
The smallest minority on earth is the individual. Those who deny individual rights cannot claim to be defenders of minorities.

☺ 
Tarek Fatah: Breaking Down Jihadi Terror
https://swarajyamag.com/politics/tarek-fatah-breaking-down-jihadi-terror
• 8. You have closely watched the Middle East. There was a lot of expectation that some of the most closed societies in the region were actually moving towards reform in the aftermath of the so-called “Arab Spring” of 2010. Going forward, do you see democracy taking root there?
• I didn’t believe that. The biggest minority is the individual and if he has no rights there are no human rights. Even at demonstrations in Cairo women were being sexually assaulted by men. What Arab Spring are we talking about? Ninety five percent of the Arab women have never had an orgasm in the last few hundred years! Every mother has produced kids as an act of sex and not love. Women’s genitals have been cut for thousands of years. What sort of a society are you creating with only one category of people?
• The whole story of the guy who burnt himself in Tunisia was fabricated. The dictator went off and started living in Saudi Arabia. And who won the elections? The Islamists! Now the secularists are back. But 1,000 Tunisian women have travelled to Iraq and Syria to get themselves raped by ISIS fighters!
• Nothing is going to happen unless a major Muslim army is defeated and the surrender document signed.


☺ 
How It's Made Helicopter / Rotor Blades:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yezRn42PHE4
• Design on CATIA 3D takes 700 hours (between drawing stage & assembly of the pattern)
• Carbon Fibre, layered with green plaster, cut with a blade controlled by ultra sound
• 9964 rivets fastened with a gun and a ram
• Motor weighs about 120 kilos
• Blades weigh about 41 kilos each, made from composite materials and aluminium alloy
• Requires 110 days average to assemble ~3400 parts
• 185 units are made each year
• Total weight: 2.8 ton
• Top speed: 140 knots, service ceiling: 6096m

Other Trivia:
• https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sikorsky_R-4
• Probably the first mass produced military helicopter 
• 
• 

Helicopter Blade Construction
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T7k8TUAbIfM

Modern Rotor Blades - The Physical World: Helicopters (2/3)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ki-CxkRuAxY
OpenLearn from The Open University
• Western Helicopters in Yoville
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 


Why The Vertical Takeoff Airliner Failed: The Rotodyne Story
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fairey_Rotodyne
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dkJOm1V77Xg
The Fairey Rotodyne was a 1950s British compound gyroplane designed and built by Fairey Aviation and intended for commercial and military uses.[2] A development of the earlier Gyrodyne, which had established a world helicopter speed record, the Rotodyne featured a tip-jet-powered rotor that burned a mixture of fuel and compressed air bled from two wing-mounted Napier Eland turboprops. The rotor was driven for vertical takeoffs, landings and hovering, as well as low-speed translational flight and autorotated during cruise flight with all engine power applied to two propellers. 

The Jet Gyrodyne was a modification of the second prototype FB-1 Gyrodyne aircraft registered G-AJJP. The Jet Gyrodyne was built specifically to develop the pressure-jet rotor drive system and operational procedures used on the later Rotodyne. 

Swashplate-actuated Cyclic
Collective pitch controls.

Rotodyne costs vs Conventional Helicopter costs: 4 cents vs 20-30 cents (1950-1960s)

Auto Gyros 
Inventor: Juan de la Cierva 

Auto Gyros are the concept from the 1920s. Used primarily for Navy & military reconnaisance operations. Even, to deliver mail.
The autogyro was invented by Spanish engineer Juan de la Cierva in an attempt to create an aircraft that could fly safely at low speeds. He first flew one on 9 January 1923, at Cuatro Vientos Airfield in Madrid.[1] Cierva's autogyro is considered the predecessor of the modern helicopter.[2][3] The aircraft resembled the fixed-wing aircraft of the day, with a front-mounted engine and propeller. 



☺
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D218bEnVTL8
How A. R. Rahman Scored Bombay -  Cinema Beyond Entertainment

This video tries to breakdown A. R. Rahman’s use of music and the possible thoughts behind composing the music for Mani Ratnam’s 1995 film on the fateful Mumbai riots, BOMBAY. Specials Thanks: Purva Anerao, for her help in explaining Indian classical music. To dive deeper into the concepts of music, follow these two channels: 
○ Sideways - https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCi7l9chXMljpUft67vw78qw
○ Adam Neely - https://www.youtube.com/user/havic5
"Music Sucks" - Noone Ever
Parts of the music in general:
○ Theme
○ Motif
○ Liefmotif





☺
Charles Augustus Magnussen is a media mogul who owns several newspapers. He has powerful connections across the Western World and also ties to those in the British government, one of them being Mycroft Holmes. Magnussen is also a blackmailer and uses the information against his "assets" (which he views his victims as).Cold, calculating, and an egomaniac, Magnussen displayed a disregard for social niceties. A sociopath, Magnussen had a misanthropic view of other people, to the point of possessing a superiority complex.[1] He also displayed traits of extreme sadism and megalomania. Examples of his superiority complex were categorised by his utter disregard for human happiness, inflated sense of entitlement, narcissistic view on how other people think and behave, and even going so far as to torment his victims to get what he wanted. He relished demonstrating his power for its own sake. Sherlock Holmes considered him to be far worse than any killer, serial killer, or terrorist that he had encountered and the one man who could turn his stomach. Magnussen was perverse, showing little respect for the privacy, boundaries, and personal space of others, sexually harassing Lady Smallwood and later Sherlock in his hospital bed. He was often cruel and manipulative, not caring about the feelings of others except when they served his purposes. Magnussen also had an eidetic memory. He utilised this trait to remember incriminating data on individuals of importance, which he would then use to deduce the so-called "pressure points" of individuals to exploit their weaknesses and blackmail them into subservience. Through this, Magnussen demonstrated extraordinary levels of intellectual genius that not only surpassed that of Sherlock Holmes but were even on the same level of intellect as the latter's brother, Mycroft, and he was quite well-versed in psychological warfare, staying a step ahead of Sherlock all the time and ultimately managing to outfox the genius detective at his own game. This intellect marks him as the second most intelligent human on Earth, inferior only to the later revealed Eurus Holmes, who was even smarter than Mycroft. He is believed by some fans, because of his nature and personality, to be in many ways even worse and more dangerous than Moriarty(it is safe to assume that only the more intelligent Eurus surpassed Magnussen in danger level) Despite his arrogant and overconfident attitude, Magnussen was not above begging for his life when threatened by Mary Watson, fearing death.

☺
Meme: Wanted: A man has been stealing the wheels off of police cars. Officers are working tirelessly to catch him.

☺
Haha you guys dont have universal healthcare
Haha you guys can't afford to leave your parents house

☺
Ghana says hello to the front page.
Ghana says fuck China for imprisoning Africans after they tested negative for corona multiple times

☺
Tags: Ghana, Casket Dance, Astronomia, Sound Track, Not a Dub step, stay at home, covid 19, funny, comedy
https://www.reddit.com/r/GhanaSaysGoodbye/comments/g4swdm/stay_at_home/
Never have I ever imagined that 2020 would be a year full of catastrophy and some African people dancing with a coffin will be the most relatable meme.
Yes. It's the first meme in a while that gets better and more creative with each video.
Honestly, i’ve seen so many memes, i’ve made so many memes, but this, this one right here, we may UNIRONICALLY actually be at peak comedy right now, this is the best stuff i’ve ever seen in my entire life, it’s also the only thing making me laugh through these Corona times.
I think the fact that the meme has a song strongly associated with it makes it super adaptable.
Also the dubstep drop will never get old.
Sorry but Astronomia is not dubstep
Also seems like the Chinese are making the best versions of this meme right now. (I suppose this video was probably made in Hongkong, since using keys on elevator buttons is common there.)
The pandemic has done one good thing. It's made everyone more creative. Not saying it was worth it by any means, just that at least something good came from it.

Honestly. If the virus doesn’t get ya, these tornado storms will.
Or a massive Forrest fire, or a plague or a looming economic recession, or an active volcanic eruption.
Damn Confederate generals starting fires irresponsibly.
ARE WE BURNING GEORGIA AGAIN? GET YOUR RUNNING SHOES ON BOYS WERE MARCHING TO THE SEA.
Tybee Island locals seen partying in the streets amid pandemic tornado invasion sirens
"We ain't scared! We just ordered a round of Tornadorona bombs!"
Yosemite like "lol wouldn't it by wild if.."

lol I love people from Ghana. My family had some church friends from there. Dude the parties are no joke. I've never been to a funeral but they celebrate weddings and babies big. Asian scripted gifs approves 👍
This is downright hilarious. As I thought the coffin dance couldn't get any better, it straight up evolved
The irony the meme about DEAD people is evolving.
Mutated, if you will.
Shit is mutating faster than the virus.
Lol this is a whole movie.
I’d pay to see more.
This meme is spreading faster than the Rona.
r/gifthatkeepsongiving

Imagine the song would come up in your head each time you’re moments from danger.
Like if you have a choice to walk or take a cab, starting to walk makes the song start in your head bc you could potentially get mugged and killed.
Edit: this is some top tier variation of the meme.

His nostril flares were so big. But awesome video.
Right? I thought no one was gonna mention his soul-consuming black hole nostrils...

☺
Tags: Gun, Second Amendment, Cops are gonna Hi-Fi me" 👌👌🔥
https://www.instagram.com/p/B-hCpb,4AouQ/?igshid=5859j9dok63f


☺
Escobar's Rolex and other items seized from Colombia's drug lords are sold 
Bogotá auction of watches, jewellery and art clears out items seized from traffickers – and Farc rebel commander Raúl Reyes
A watch encrusted with diamonds at an auction in Bogota of goods seized from Colombia's drug traffickers Photograph: Guardian
It's a wristwatch that could only have belonged to someone like Pablo Escobar: a solid gold Rolex encrusted with hundreds of fine diamonds. With a sale value estimated at $70,000 (£43,000), it went to the highest bidder at Colombia's first warehouse auction of narco-goods for the equivalent of just $8,500 (£5,300).
A knock-off Rolex that was owned by a Farc rebel commander known as Raúl Reyes, meanwhile, went for three times its street price.

Tags: Pablo, Kohler, Expensive luxury toilet



☺
https://www.econlib.org/archives/2012/01/an_answer_to_a.html
An Answer to a Monetary Riddle
By David Henderson

Last quarter, I received the following “riddle” from a student in my class:

    It’s a slow day in some little town……..
    The sun is hot….the streets are deserted.
    Times are tough, everybody is in debt, and everybody lives on credit.

    On this particular day a rich tourist from back west is driving thru town.
    He stops at the motel and lays a $100 bill on the desk saying he wants to inspect the rooms upstairs in order to pick one to spend the night.
    As soon as the man walks upstairs, the owner grabs the bill and runs next door to pay his debt to the butcher.
    The butcher takes the $100 and runs down the street to retire his debt to the pig farmer.
    The pig farmer takes the $100 and heads off to pay his bill at the feed store.

    The guy at the Farmer’s Co-op takes the $100 and runs to pay his debt to the local prostitute, who has also been facing hard times and has had to offer her services on credit.
    She, in a flash rushes to the motel and pays off her room bill with the motel owner.
    The motel proprietor now places the $100 back on the counter so the rich traveler will not suspect anything.

    At that moment the traveler comes down the stairs, picks up the $100 bill, states that the rooms are not satisfactory, pockets the money & leaves.

    NOW,… no one produced anything…and no one earned anything…however the whole town is out of debt and is looking to the future with much optimism.

Here’s monetary economist Jeffrey Rogers Hummel’s answer:

There are several ways to think about this intriguing example. But they all must recognize that these transactions have made no change in any of the parties’ NET wealth. True, at the beginning each resident has a $100 liability. But each also has an offsetting financial asset of $100. At the end, they all have neither. So the $100 bill acts as a clearing mechanism.

If you want to think of the town as a distinct economy, then the rich tourist has temporarily increased the town’s money stock by $100. In effect, he has made a short-term loan of a new $100 bill, increasing liquidity. The $100 provides the residents with a medium of exchange that allows them to clear their offsetting debts.

Or if you broaden the economy to include the rich tourist, his short-term loan has provided liquidity through increasing the transactions velocity of money. If the rich tourist hadn’t provided the loan, any of the residents could have accomplished the same result by borrowing $100 cash from someone else. No new final goods and services were produced (they had been produced already). But borrowing from the tourist may have cost less interest (zero percent) than otherwise. (I’m ignoring the possible complication that the hotel owner only gets a zero-percent loan by embezzling: using the tourist’s deposit without permission.)

Either way, the $100 cash would have been unnecessary if the residents had a central clearinghouse. The fact that the hotel owner seems to know that the $100 bill will come back quickly suggests they already had everything necessary for an informal clearing, and didn’t need the bill in the first place. The hotel owner could have gone to each party in succession, offering to take on their debt if they cancelled his.

Nonetheless, the example illustrates Mises’s point that increases in the efficiency of the clearing system reduce the demand for (increase the velocity of) money. A clearing system is an alternative way of providing medium of exchange services. In fact, in my classes I use a similar example with fewer parties to illustrate the nature and benefits of a clearing system. At the limit, a perfectly efficient clearing system would be an all-encompassing network of computerized barter making money completely unnecessary. So your student’s intuition is partly right. What the tourist’s short-term loan has produced is monetary services.



Tags: money, whore, debt, economy, tourist, hotel, 100 dollar bill, stimulus package


☺
How Will Hernandez Spent His First $1M in the NFL | My First Million | GQ Sports
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P1-1AL21oBA
Presented by Marcus by Goldman Sachs | New York Giants Offensive Guard Will Hernandez has been in the league since 2018. His move from amateur college athlete to professional NFL player meant that Tyler started making some serious money. From $115K for a new Nissan GT-R to $1K for an Avengers Infinity Gauntlet , find out everything he spent his first million dollars on. 

With GQ Sports, the real action is off the field. Get an all-access pass to the world's coolest, most stylish athletes like Baker Mayfield, Jimmy Butler, Kyrie Irving, Odell Beckham, Jr., and Lewis Hamilton with original series like My Essentials, Actually Me, Tattoo Tour, On the Rocks, and Collected. Watch a GQ editor try his hand at pro sports in Above Average Joe. And get an all-access look into how athletes shop, train, travel, and showcase their love of style, menswear, and sneakers.

How Will Hernandez Spent His First $1M in the NFL | My First Million | GQ Sports

Tags: Bidet, Sports, Football, Will Hernandez, NFL, Truck, Car, Roadster, GTR, Chevy, chevy silverado 2018 black widow


